partition_manager: Add PM_EXTERNAL_FLASH_HAS_DRIVER Kconfig option (#8515)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

MCUboot
======

> * MCUboot will fail to boot when external flash is used for non-primary application images, if driver for external flash is not enabled.

Reviewer: I guess we can re-phrase this now that we have the `depends on PM_EXTERNAL_FLASH_HAS_DRIVER` in place.

```suggestion
* Added dependency so that build will fail if external flash is used for secondary slot but no driver for external flash is enabled.
```

Do you agree @de-nordic ?

> * MCUboot will fail to boot when external flash is used for non-primary application images, if driver for external flash is not enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the :kconfig:option:`PM_EXTERNAL_FLASH_HAS_DRIVER` kconfig option.
  When set, it makes MCUboot fail to boot when the external flash memory is used for non-primary application images but the driver for the external flash memory is not enabled.
```

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

MCUboot
======

* Added the :kconfig:option:`PM_EXTERNAL_FLASH_HAS_DRIVER` kconfig option.
  When set, it makes MCUboot fail to boot when the external flash memory is used for non-primary application images but the driver for the external flash memory is not enabled.

>   Please refer to :ref:`ug_bootloader_external_flash` and :ref:`pm_external_flash` for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  See :ref:`ug_bootloader_external_flash` and :ref:`pm_external_flash` for details.
```
